tonight we have an excellent show a
great guest from The Apprentice Donald
Trump the Donald
and he just left he's getting in his
gold Zeppelin and leaving
my first guess I don't get to say this
often but my first guess is a
billionaire and the host of the NBC
reality show The Apprentice twitch has
its live two-hour season finale tomorrow
night at 9:00 on NBC please welcome mr.
Donald Trump
look how young that audiences x-play you
like it we got a young crowd here have a
see you to pose as if you're coming on
to them right now and I probably not
gonna wear away well first of all happy
holidays holidays are upon us - this
brings up a question
you're Donald Trump what does someone
get you for Christmas what do you you
know what I mean what like Midtown real
estate I like that I really like that a
lot but bullion gold bullion Corey's
giving me a baby like your wife just
getting a baby congratulation good one
you got a pretty good gift is good it
seems as good as you can't really
midtown Real Estate's also pretty good
but yeah it is very good it's been good
yeah continue so now um let's first of
all talk about the The Apprentice which
is important thing to discuss you've
been very successful for you this show
you've made a big change your trademark
you're fired
okay you used to do what we call the
Cobra right which is you always do the
coke yeah you you always do you fired
okay you're fired you know and you would
do the Cobra and it's always worked for
you and then like Tiger Woods changing
his swing you decide to get rid of the
Cobra and you've what do you have now
well you know I used the Cobra only once
but so many people liked it and it's
just not a natural thing to do and it
would I love it I was finding Brad but I
do it to people on the street mr.
trenway and I attack people with the
Cobra it was funny it was so natural for
this one show right stop it soon scary
yeah
but it was so natural for that one shot
was really a bad particular person right
and I was sitting there and I was
slumped over and I said you're fired
right and was just natural right I've
tried it since and it just doesn't work
like you're fired you probably probably
started thinking about it when I think
about the Cobra yeah it gets so I've
actually used it only once as you know
in four years four seasons I said it's
been it's been really good I always this
kind of thing you do that and then I do
this because that's more natural but I
think I'll get back to one more Cobra
throw in one more coke before I make the
bucket okay you are now there's
interesting thing you've been singing
lately you sing on Regis Christmas CD
and and then you you also sang at the
Emmys competitively yeah yeah yeah that
was a competition with William Shatner
and lots of others and yes it was called
Emmy Idol yes yes
when people saw that you know one I
can't remember around blood no true and
then we refer to yourself as Trump I
like that
but then with Regis you know who's
better than Regis right and he said
would you do would you just say there's
one line and I did a line and it was
five on the on the onion so what what
song was it and Rudolph the red-nosed
reindeer this was a really good but his
albums actually selling very well and
you know there's nobody like him he's
just a great guy so I said yes
absolutely I get Zippo out of it and
only you would talk about how you have
no back end on a Christmas kiss I get
nothing for Regis we do things okay
that's nice uh now Regis it's Regis you
got to do it for Regis um
he calls me Conan oh I've been on the
air for 44 years now and it's still con
man come in take care of that for me
what you could push a button now let me
take care of Nicole it's very ominous
I'm going to earlier this season there
was an interesting moment on The
Apprentice where you learned that a
contestant was gay and if it's okay I'd
like to show that clip right now let's
take a look
are you a homosexual I am yes mr. Trump
I know is that true yes it is okay so
you don't find all the very attractive
then no I meant you know find Felicia a
they're beautiful women but they're not
my thing
all right that's why they have menus in
restaurants you know I like steak
somebody else like spaghetti that's why
that menus in rest it's a great world
very true very true very sir so whose
stake and whose spaghetti but he didn't
find them to be steak at all and there
you didn't find them at all attractive
okay I like that I like are you a
homosexual uh actually you know the
producers couldn't believe it when I
said that and I figured they don't think
we're allowed to shout that at people
code well it's sort of interesting it is
what it is life it is why yeah so you
know it's reality so the question you're
allowed to ask yes they said you want us
to leave this I said why not this is
life yeah yeah yeah I like to just the
steak and spaghetti you know to all your
that all becomes food eventually yes
ultimately what are your birds and the
bees speech you know all right now of
course many products you you you are
involved in so many products now the
Trump name it used to be just real
estate now you've got casinos you have
at your own shirts ties at Macy's and
suits suits at Macy's
ty see look very nice this is Sears &
Roebuck by the way this is I like is
this made of aluminum siding idea like
better his room what's that what is that
what everything's a competition of who's
tie is better
got the bad tire you're going down
O'Brien I think I think your tire is
very nice I think you know who can say
do you want it do I want your time yes I
want your time and you know it's
actually it's too long
the guys like are very nice the cold
guys like those are you wearing a watch
sighs I'd like to happen otherwise
give me to watch
this time must be worth 40 $50
just waiting till I calm down
you know it's but you're you're in that
your your you have your name on so many
products now now there are Trump
ringtones now ringtones that's a big
business is it not well Warner came to
me and they wanted me to do a ringtone
where your phone rings and it'll say
like I'm Donald Trump and you better
answer quickly and you know different
things like that 75 different actually
there's 75 different are they all
trending like that no sort of a little
bit they like it for this you know I'm
actually going around the yo-yo yeah
that's the image but I called up 50 cent
now 50 cent who I didn't know called me
and I called him up and he wasn't there
any added Trump ringtone can you believe
it 50 cent dues okay
he can have any reason Tony wants as a
200 on the top three records in the
world right so he's got a Trump ring
cook so many people are getting that's
not like when you call somebody and
Trump answers does that make you feel
like you're you're losing your money I
was very strange you ever start yelling
at yourself on the phone I was I was
really surprised to see it but it was
great okay so you've done that and you
also have an online school is that
correct on University if you want to
learn how to get rich okay
talk to University Scott were you aboard
for you
which raises the question where were you
what kind of student were you well I was
surprisingly good I was a good student I
went to the Wharton School of Finance I
really liked school and it taught me
beyond everything else confidence you
know you're with all these geniuses and
it's the best business school and you do
well against all of these smart guys and
you know you get out of school and at
least you know you're smart and it was a
great school for me so I'm a big
believer in education and I was a pretty
good student I asked for reason because
I heard that earlier second grade you
were you were difficult you you had
trouble with authority I did I had
trouble with authority is it not true
that you once punched your music teacher
is that true no it's not totally true
but now we got to do a story no we got
interest coverage I didn't like my music
teacher we got into a skirmish and my
parents decided we better send him to
military academy so I went to a military
academy New York military academy and it
was great
I liked it shaped you up and especially
already had tough sergeants drill
sergeants and they didn't mess around
and it taught me a little bit about life
it was good
okay now you also have this which I know
that your wanted us to mention right
here this is tell us what this is this
is the arms from Trump University okay
seven different ways of creating
financial freedom and wealth and it's
selling like hotcakes it's in barns and
notes if you get this it teaches you how
to become a billionaire yes if you have
the basic ingredients I mean you have to
be step number one is manufacture one of
these and is this is this your family
crest right here on the top well I grew
up in Queens so I really didn't have a
family crest but I created one honestly
a lot of people who say especially this
Queens in the past no that's the Trump
University Chris I realize that for
Trump University and it's been well
received it's a little sort of take off
in Harvard Yale Princeton and such you
know I didn't realize you can just of
course you can you can just make your
own family press I mean who's to say you
can't have a crust I'm I should make one
in Brooklyn or Queens and we can all
have crest yeah but leave we want them
but it sort of works out pretty well and
I'm making one I'm making a pompadour
with sun block on either side
that's my family crest I go for that I'm
an ass the live to our season finale of
The Apprentice airs tomorrow night at
9:00 on NBC and the wealth builders
blueprint is available on Trump
University dot-com you know you're a
good sport it's always nice to go and
buy links and ledger everybody anymore
we're coming up with a break
ah